Phone is good but not value for money,
Battery backup is very low
Moto G 4 is good than this phone.

we have great options in this range..
Don't buy this...

Totally waste of money.

Moto M Golden 
My golden Phone..
Love you moto for this phone..
Everything is good in this phone..
Some people counts disadvantages about its camera. But its camera is awesome..
4 gb ram is tooooo good privides 53 gb internal which is love...
I love you MOTO...
Buyers if you want to purchase any fone in this range I reccoment you to buy this only..
Expectation met well. The phone looks quite primium with the all metal uni body. 
1. Display is good.
2. Interface is almost stock Android.
3. Good camera
4. Crisp Display.
5. 4Gb ram is a lot.
6. With all my old phone data dumped an 40 odd app there is lot of space to play with in 64 Gb.
7. Hardly any heating issue.
8. finger scanner is super sensataive.

Since last 24 hrs of extensive use icoild not find any cons yet.

Over all a very good phone at this proce point.

I bought this phone on the launch date of the phone December 2016 

PROS:
1) Super fast fingerprint sensor - it works during the stand by mode also
2) 4 GB ram - you will easily get around 1.5gb of Free RAM even if you install 40-50 apps.
3) Gorilla glass 4 - my phone fell down on highway from ceiling many a times still intact display and hardly any noticeable scratch on the phone
4) Spill proof - Phone is spill proof so it doesnt have any problem if you hold it with wet hand or while shower.
5) 64 GB of huge ROM - total usable memory is around 55 GB
6) Selfie camera is awesome - but it has slow shutter speed.
7) Looks - gold color looks awesome to hold

Cons
1) Battery - if you are using continuously on 4G network , it wont last a day
2) Heating problem - if you are continuously playing games or videos with Internet on it heats up a lot
3) Back Camera is good for the day light some pictures are awesome but in the night mode it has very high noise. Also No slow motion video recording is there.
4) It has google cast so it does not support most of the latest technology TVs which supports MIRACAST
5) GPS consumes too much battery
6) Price is too high compared to rivals like Redmi not 4
7) Still no update for Android N ( i hope it will increase the battery life)

My suggestion if you want to go for Pure android go for this phone it works really well . If you love some customization like IR blaster , Miracast this phone is not for you.

Final verdict if you dont spend much time using 4G data or GPS go for this phone battery will last 1.5 days. Till date this phone never hanged not having any problem with the stock android .

A must buy ..!!!
Currently using 64 gb variant mobile since its launch..and very satisfied with it..:-) 
looks are awesome
Full metal body 
Awesome display
No lag or hang 
Gorilla glass 4( yes it is gorilla glass 4 check on you tube tests and official site)

Dolby atmos produces great quality sound(really frnds it does )
No heating prob as such (minor heating all mobiles show)
Takes 110 min to charge (supports fast charge not turbo)
Fingerprint works quite well
2.5 d glass looks stunning on metal body 
Got free back cover( nice design ) and screen guard
Battery lasts for one day on wifi and normal usage and 6-7 hours on heavy gaming 
Multi tasking is quite good 
Camera works well in daylight 

My only prob is camera quality as it is not upto mark ,in low light conditions its quite bad:(
battery too could have been more bit more..

In total its worth the money for 4 gb -64 gb and awesome looks and performance...(wished for a better camera lets see if something comes up with new android update )
In total my rating- 4.3

First of all delivery was 2 days early than expected . 
Nice exchange offer
Good speakers
Camera OK OK
Sleak and classy look
Good processing speed. 
Looks good in hand. 
Received back case and protection glass which is nice. 
Nicely packed by seller. 
Overall satisfied at once. Rest will come to know post using for some time.

stylish and metal body.
Performance good.
No heating issues.
less weight and handy.
soft screen.
good battery.
camera is also good/selfie pics are awesome.
Worth for the money.

I have got this product after ordering 4 days. Overall packing is good. I am using this product last 6 days & my opinion about this phone. Here is all Pros & Cons.

Pros :
1. Look & Feel good
2. Metal Body( First Metal body on a moto phone )
3. 1080p IPS Display
4. Notification Light
5. Type C port 
6. Dolby Sound
7. Finger Print at Backside 
8. Almost Stock Android (Android OS, v6.0.1 Marshmallow)
9. 64GB on board Storage
10. Free Back Cover & Screen Protector 
11. Good Battery Life

Cons :
1. Hybrid Sim Slot
2. Camera is very poor- front & back(G4 plus has much better camera - Front & Back) 
3. MTK Helio P15 64-bit Processor ( MTK Helio P15 on this price range is not acceptable ) 
4. Which things that makes moto that thins are missing like - 
i)Moto display
ii)Twist to camera open
iii) Chop twice to flash light open

Personally I think, when Lenovo took Moto company overall quality is lagging behind.
That's all. Thanks.

Could have been 5 star if battery backup laster for 3 hours more. In otherwise a perfect phone that hit excellent mark in all boxes battery backup leaves a gap. 4gb RAM, 64 Gb storage, handles multiple processes smoothly, no lag or heating issue and even camera is decent enough. A good buy overall.

It's true that this device doesn't have SD processor and gorilla Glass but It looks good, light weight and performance is too good. 

I used it around 4 hours after full charge, it took 2 hours to charge it from 0-100℅. 

Around 2 hours I explored all the menu items, installed around 20 apps and updated more than 10 default apps. At the same time I was listening music too. Sound quality is very good. Watched 10-15 mins movie on hot start, and found picture quality just fantastic. 

Last 2 hours I played games, device didn't stuck and temp was not too high. 

Now I've 45℅ power. So I feel it's good. 

Camera quality is not best but it provides many option to get a better quality picture, here you will have to explore more options and you will get good picture in good light. 

This time it comes with a back cover and screen guard , which is a add-on. 

I was worried after placing the order but now I can say it was a good decision to go for it.

Battery is too low don't go for it......

I bought moto m two months ago, I really suffering a lot with the mobile, I'm not at all installed Ten apps even, the phone is getting hang everyday at least once, please don't buy moto, it is my personal experience, worst ever in my life time